# firstBST
## What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
This course was looking at the different data structures and algorithms commonly used in computer science. The main focus was on binary search trees, hash tables and vectors in C++. The projects in the course used a scenario where a university wanted to have a user menu that allowed users to read in information from a csv file, display that data in alphanumeric order, search for a specific course or exit the program. 
## How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
I started by thinking what task would be used the most in the program. In my head, I believed it was most important to optimize the search function and the display function as best I could. This lead me to picking a BST for my actual coding project. They do a great job printing out data in an ordered format and allow for quick searches. After determining the structure I was going to use, I began to write the code loosely using the pseudocode I had written previously. Since it was my first time writting a program using a BST I had to make changes from it, but it still helped knowing what classes/methods I was going to be using in the program. 
## How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
I would go back and look over my notes on C++ from previous courses, review any notes I have on data structures and would google any other questions I had. It had been a while since coding in C++ when writting this so I was a little rusty and it took a good amount of review to get it to where I wanted. Overall, just being presistant and thinking through my problems got me through it.
## How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
This course opened my eyes to new ways data can be structured managed. I will now put more thought into how I design future projects, looking at what structure would be best suited for the program and weigh the speed/efficiency of the program with the difficulty to code it. It has made me a more well rounded developer, and excited to apply these principles with other projects. 
## How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable
I think that being more thoughtful with how data is stored and managed will lend to more maintanable code. Using data structures and algorithms that are used in the industry will help develop the skills I need to become a great developer, and write code that can be adapted to multiple projects. 
